Fast API standout feature is that its built-in support for asynchronous Programming.
Asynchronous programming allows you to write non-blocking code that can handle multiple tasks concurrently,
making your application more efficient and scalable.

In traditional synchronous programming, each task is executed one after the other,
blocking the execution of subsequent tasks until the current one is finished. While this
is a straightforward model, it can lead to inefficiency, especially when dealing with
tasks that involve waiting, such as database queries, file I/O, or external API calls.

 Asynchronousprogramming,ontheotherhand,allowsyoutowritecodethatdoesnot
 blocktheexecutionofothertaskswhilewaitingforI/O-boundoperationstocomplete.

  With async programming, tasks that involve waiting (like making HTTP requests or
 querying a database) are executed concurrently, allowing other tasks to proceed in
 the meantime. 

 FastAPI makes it easy to take advantage of asynchronous programming by using the
 async def syntax in route handlers. By defining your endpoint functions with async
 def, FastAPI can handle multiple requests concurrently without blocking. This leads to
 improved performance, especially in scenarios involving I/O-bound tasks.

 
Working with Database:

 In modern web applications, databases play a crucial role in storing, retrieving, and
 managing data. FastAPI, being a flexible and high-performance framework, works
 seamlessly with SQL databases such as SQLite and PostgreSQL. SQLAlchemy is one
 of the most popular Object Relational Mappers (ORMs) in the Python ecosystem,
 which allows you to interact with your database in an object-oriented manner, making
 database operations more intuitive and less error-prone.


 SQLAlchemy allows you to define database models as Python classes. These models will
 map to the corresponding database tables and handle the conversion of data between
 Python objects and database rows.

 When interacting with a database, managing sessions and transactions is critical to
 ensuring data integrity, proper error handling, and efficient performance. FastAPI and
 SQLAlchemy work together to simplify session management and transactions, allowing
 developers to focus on writing functional code while maintaining the underlying
 database operations.

 Committing and Rolling Back Transactions
 To commit changes to the database, you use the commit() method on the session. This
 applies all changes made during the current transaction to the database.

 db.commit() #Commit the transaction and persist changes
 db.rollback() #Rollback the transaction incase of an error

  By managing database sessions and transactions properly, you can ensure the integrity
 of your data and provide a more reliable experience for your users. Proper error
 handling is a key component of building robust and scalable applications, especially
 when interacting with external resources like databases